this is the same man what 71 y'all tell
him what sign me who hates both people
how ironic is seriously is baby for 50
odd penis right so maybe he's an
Australian man that's what I call myself
I'm an Australian right then
why that's so Australian he hates
beaucoup and let's face it how was he is
that he was in this country we don't
we're not racist hey maybe just stress
right now I do not believe Australians
are racist I don't think we care what
people look like where they're from one
nationality though each of them we don't
get you're welcome to come to this
country never go as long as you don't
come in by boat I don't think we have a
problem with the nationality or religion
I think we take certain modes of
transportation when was the last time
you saw an old codger urban area Celgard
all right we should send back all those
airplane people requites me let me
elaborate oh I'll prove them without any
debt you're gonna walk out any tonight
knowing the Australians hey buzz the
nine isn't today we've got immigration
problems with Middle Eastern and African
folk people in the 70s and 80s we had
problems with the Southeast Asian both
people in the 50s and the 60s when the
Italians and Greeks ships all came out
there were problems and before that the
Chinese people are plane by boat and
there were problems and in 1770 the
aborigine hated
meant to be humane backing on 1770 by
now originally sorry stead pre-twitter
what are your thoughts on the kind
influx of white paper I don't like him
but people breath and there I was on a
day but we buy a bowl of feathers
Raptors having a good time cooking up
some barramundi then one of the brothers
tell me what they don't worry I look at
this he's bothered with a lot people so
I tell him you've got to go away he
brought these airplanes right thank you
then he pulled out his gun and you shoot
all the brothers so I tell them Union
come on shorter plenty room no strange
need to think long and hard about our
attitudes towards refugees that's
something I think we could really leave
their game on because we're not very
sympathetic serious truthfully I'm
actually we became religious directing
we'd get drinking if the Indonesians
decided to invite Australian we have to
piss off you reckon we go or judge might
be like we're right seriously picture
these two hundred and thirty million in
donations on air bolster twenty odd
million of us that's I have obtained the
one pretty scary them but I fair enough
there half the sauce but still
one-to-one
wait at number we've we screwed up
everyone's thinking what do we do
or it can we go to New Zealand so but
the thing is there's a war on I would
love to live in New Zealand because that
is a very hard country to invite because
lots of bouncers leave